## DSA
  - Search in Rotated Sorted Array (https://neetcode.io/problems/find-target-in-rotated-sorted-array/question?list=neetcode150): Nice new pattern. 
    Involved the Binary Search pattern of discarding one half of the sample space in each iteration. This is a new kind of variation of Binary search I learnt 
    apart from the one involving monotoic functions and predicate methods.
  - Search in Rotated Sorted Array: (https://neetcode.io/problems/find-target-in-rotated-sorted-array/question): Along the same lines as the previous. First you get the 
    pivot as in the question above and then perform binary search on that side of the pivot where the element mmight exist. Though this is a good solution, but its not
    the most optimal solution. In this solution we're doing binary search in two passes. First, for finding the pivot element. Second, to actually find the missing element. 
    There actually exists a more optimal solution for this using only a single pass. Will look at that tom, its way past my bedtime now.

## OSTEP
  - Read chapter 18 today. Didn't complete it though. It's about pageing in OS. Read how paging helps by by easing with memory allocation and eliminating external fragmentation 
    (though maybe sometimes at the cost of internal fragmentation). Read how Virtual Addresses store the Virtual Page Number (VPN) and the offset and how this is translated to the 
    actual Physical Address. This is through Page tables in Kernel memory. Every process has its own separate Page table. Also read something about the TLB, though this was not in Ostep.
    Read some blog somewhere that talked about it. Will conclude (or try to), ch 18 and 19 tomorrow (as i've already got some intuition about TLBs today, the topic for ch. 19.). 

    That's it GN
